(auth) - Allow mutate from the getAuth to accept a TypedDocumentNode (#1796)
FormidableLabs/urql: .changeset/weak-boxes-speak.md

---
'@urql/exchange-auth': patch
---

> allow mutate to infer mutation Data and Variables by using TypedDocumentNode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow `mutate` to infer the result's type when a `TypedDocumentNode` is passed via the usual generics, like `client.mutation` for instance.
```
